Add the payload related to anomaly detection (#414)
appsignal/appsignal-docs: source/application/integrations/webhooks.html.md

  "field": "gauge",
  "trigger_label": "Exception rate",
  "trigger_description": "This is a description",
  "last_value": 12.0,
  "peak_value": 20.0,
  "mean_value": 11.0,
  "comparison_operator": "<",
  "comparison_value": 21.0,
  "human_last_value": "12 %",
  "human_peak_value": "20 %",
  "human_mean_value": "11 %",
  "human_comparison_value": "21 %",
  "created_at": "2017-08-01T10:00:00Z",
  "opened_at": "2017-08-01T10:05:00Z",
  "resolved_at": "2017-08-01T12:00:00Z",
  "closed_at": "2017-08-01T13:43:00Z",
  "warmup_duration": 10,
  "cooldown_duration": 20,
  "alert_url": "http://example.com/#{site.account.slug}/sites/#{site.id}/alerts/#{alert.id}",
  "edit_trigger_url": "http://example.com/#{site.account.slug}/sites/#{site.id}/triggers?overlay=triggerForm&triggerId=#{alert.trigger.id}"
}
```
<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Field</th>
      <th>Type</th>
      <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>alert_id</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>
      <td>Internal AppSignal alert id for the alert.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>state</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td><a href="/anomaly-detection/#alert-states">State</a> of the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><a href="/anomaly-detection/#alert-states">State</a> of the alert: warmup, open, cooldown or closed.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>site</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>
      <td>The application name alert belongs to.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>environment</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>
      <td>The application environment name alert belongs to.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>tags</code></td>
      <td><code>Array<String, String></code></td>

>       <td>Namespace associated with the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Metric tags confirmed for the alert.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>human_tags</code></td>
      <td><code>Array<String, String></code></td>

>       <td>Custom namespace associated with the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Metric tags confirmed for the alert in a more human readable format.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>metric_name</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Name of the metric alert was created for.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Name of the metric the alert triggered on.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>field</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Field name of the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Field name of the metric the alert triggered on.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>trigger_label</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>
      <td>Name of the trigger.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>trigger_description</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>
      <td>Description of the trigger.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>last_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Last value recorded for the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Last metric value that recorded for the alert since it was opened.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>peak_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Highest value recorded for the alert</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Highest value of the metric value that was recorded for the alert while it was open.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>mean_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Mean of all values for the alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Mean value of the metric value for the alert while it was open.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>comparison_operator</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Comparison operator set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Comparison operator set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered: <code>&gt;</code>, <code>>&lt;/code>, <code>&gt;=</code>, <code>&lt;=</code>, <code>==</code> or <code>!=</code></td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>comparison_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Comparison value set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Comparison value of the metric set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>human_last_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Last value recorded for the alert in a readable format.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Last metric value that recorded for the alert since it was opened in a more readable format.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>human_peak_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Highest value recorded for the alert in a readable format.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Highest value of the metric value that was recorded for the alert while it was open.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>human_mean_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Mean of all values for the alert in a readable format.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Mean value of the metric value for the alert while it was open in a more readable format.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>human_comparison_value</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Comparison value set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered in a readable format.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Comparison value for the alert metric set by the user based on which the alert will be triggered in a readable format.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>created_at</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Timestamp at which the alert was created.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Timestamp (ISO8601) at which the alert was created.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>opened_at</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Timestamp at which the alert was opened.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Timestamp (ISO8601) at which the alert was opened.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>resolved_at</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Timestamp at which the alert was resolved.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Timestamp (ISO8601) at which the alert was resolved.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>closed_at</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Timestamp at which the alert was closed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Timestamp (ISO8601) at which the alert was closed.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>warmup_duration</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Time in minutes AppSignal waits before opening a alert.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>cooldown_duration</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>Minutes AppSigtnal waits before opening a alert.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Time in minutes AppSignal waits before closing a alert.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>alert_url</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>URl of the alert so user can view it on AppSignal.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Direct URL to the alert to view it on AppSignal.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>edit_trigger_url</code></td>
      <td><code>String</code></td>

>       <td>URl of the alert so user can edit it on AppSignal.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Direct URL to the alert edit view on AppSignal.</td>
```
